here it is a question of reminding you of the
semi conservative replications of dna
so I'm leaving here with DNA molecule
made of two chains of brown is called
often by catenary there are two chains
with complementarity of nucleotides
or nitrogen bases you know that the
thymine is complementary to adenine
and that guanine is complementary to
the cytosine I have my dna molecule
two-channel
we will have to duplicate it
to do this we will have locally a
opening of these two chains that make
intervene that involves this
opening a number of enzymes
who are not on the program including
names elika this topo iso meraz etc do
do not hold that we'll say a complex
six years in ssii matic and so this
set of angina will come open the
DNA molecule
the two strands of future separated them
so his request obviously a lot
of energy especially that you had seen in
second you have dna molecule
it is made of two strands rolled on
talk about doubling list so imagine
rolled out locally this double helix
it requires a lot of energy
Briefly it opens its two strands and
the core we have some naked claude
a few more free nucleotides that
will come by complementarity to fix themselves
facing the big matrix so my in
red it is mont brown mayor montbrun
matrix and in blue it's brown
neoformed that is going to be being
created by this enzymatic complex
so you may have seen dna
polymerase 7 it's not a single aden
polymerase there are several but
polymerase she goes this enzyme
to make DNA and so we advance
to finally get
a replication of the dna you see here
I had a single DNA molecule here
have two then there we are in a stadium
interphase laden is not visible in
optical microscopy we talk about
chromatin but this add-on when he goes
to compact in pro phase during
mitosis we will see the chromosomes with
both their chromatic and you understand
why my two chromatic here are
well sisters they are rigorously
identical and we're talking about a replication
semi conservative because we keep one of the
two strands matrix to copy to
the identical are complementary
thanks to the complementarity of
nucleotides or nitrogen bases if I have
a I have in front I have a cd wanning
cytosine and if I have an ace opposite I
finally a tea finally replication
the entire DNA molecule and
duplicated and they remain hooked to
level of an area called the
center to the mayor that you also saw so
if I resume with a graph
the evolution of the quantity ofadadren
of a cell cycle
we have a phase I have a g1 it's for gap
of times a word or quotation marks it
nothing happens from a point of view
amount of DNA it is obviously
a lot of things a point of view
transcription but here I do not duplicate
not the dna face g1 only one chromatin
by chromatin if you want then the phase
ss for synthesis the dna that corresponds to
phase two aftershocks aftershocks
is relative to the dna so I had a
shelter amount withdrawn from a ua and I
double to two and then
again a g2 latency before
to get to the mitosis I remind you in
pro phase of mythos you have chrome to
this chromosome to 2 chromate id these two
pros mathide were allowed by the
semi-conservative replication in phase s
your dna
these are the terms of replication
semi conservative DNA